Add multi-select documentation (#42)
mirainc/developer-docs: content/docs/200-inputs/600-multi-select.mdx

---
title: Multi-select

> excerpt: Select from a large list of multi-select options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Select multiple values from a list of options.
```

---

> Add a _multi-select_ input to your app to allow users select from a large list of multi-select options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a _multi-select_ input to your app to allow users select multiple values from a list of options.
```

Just a suggestion to remove the "multi-select" repetition. Also maybe drop the word "large" here. I used "large" in the Select description to differentiate it from Button Group but in this case there's only the Multi-select input when you want to select multiple values.

## Options

> Add options to your _multi-select_ input and set a default option. The input ID in the URL template for your _multi-select_ input is replaced with the selected option’s values.

Reviewer: I think we probably need to talk about how these options are passed in via the query string and how to decode them here too.

Author: Good call! See below.

https://github.com/mirainc/developer-docs/pull/42/files#diff-1b6bce6314f8c4e245fb5677670f12e1991bba222d644d0b1ae9f3a867000c0dR12-R27
